---
title: "Compare Photoveda with other players"
layout: "compare"
date: "2023-10-10 00:00:01"
draft: false
description: "Compare with Cutout, Pixo, img2go, Fotor and others"
---

##  Cutout

Visit: [Cutout](https://www.cutout.pro)

Cutout is a company based in Hong Kong backed by AI labs called libAI.
They have a handful of AI tools among others. Their API seems most
popular but there is no way of finding out. Cutout supports the
following:

- Background removal
- Face cutout
- Colorization
- AI art generation

among other things. Photoveda is only focused on all things image
processing without the AI part. Since Photoveda has a comprehensive API
like Cutout pro we are similar in that sense.


## Pixo 

Visit: [Pixo](https://www.pixoeditor.com)

Pixo seems to offer roughly the same feature set as Photoveda. They have
background removal which we don't. Moreover Pixo has Wordpress plugin
whilst we have Chrome plugin.

Pixo website looks more distracting due to too much graphics. Our
website is clean and neat.


##  img2go

Visit: [img2go](https://img2go.com)

img2go has a lot of AI features and pretty much same features as
Photoveda otherwise. Somehow the interface looks very basic and a little
backwards. The interface is little poorly designed but it has a lot of
features we may include in future editions of Photoveda.


##  Fotor

Visit: [Fotor](https://fotor.com)

Fotor is a British company with a really massive userbase and a whole
suite of features. It looks like a really successful and feature rich
company with a product that has lot of users. I tried playing with their
online tool and fotor is a very advanced tool.

Photoveda has no intention to match upto Fotor. We are going to carve
out our own niche to do tasks that we are good at.

## Pixlr

Visit: [Pixlr](https://pixlr.com)

Pixlr has some AI tools alongside a template library and other image
processing. It is similar to Cutout in that sense. But Pixlr has no API.

It looks like a designer centric website.


## Media.io

Visit: [Media.io](https://media.io)

The Media website does more than just image processing. They seem
invested in AI based tech and does many cool things with images with an
AI focus.

Since they are more than just image work they are not our direct
competition.


## Imgupscaler 

Visit: [Imgupscaler](https://imgupscaler.com)

This is a website that does image upscaling using AI and does a few
other AI stuff like background removal. It says it is free for
commercial use. So perhaps ad funded.

## imgur

Visit: [imgur](https://imgur.com)

Imgur is the world #1 platform for images. You can upload any number of
images and they have an API too which I have never tested. But manual
uploading is really easy. It is really an image lovers' paradise since
you can upload images to imgur and use in your markdown articles
seamlessly.

However they have nothing to do with photo editing.

## persofoto 

Visit: [persofoto](https://persofoto.com)

Persofoto is purely focused on image processing for passports and id
documents like licenses. They have done a neat job of focusing on a
subset of the image processing landscape to solve a real problem people
face.



## upscale.media 

Visit: [upscale.media](https://upscale.media)

It does only image upscaling at a very competitive price.

I wonder if people pay for just upscaling images.


##  letsenhance.io

Visit: [letsenhance.io](https://letsenhance.io)

Letsenhance has a bunch of AI tools and there is an API as well. When I
click at API they ask me to fill up a big form. This is going to put
people off.

Does not look developer friendly.

Also the API provider is a different player as the domain name changes.


## theinpaint 

Visit: [theinpaint](https://theinpaint.com)

This looks like a very old website designed for the Windows ecosystem.
The website features a handful of tools like object removal and has some
very simple looking pages. Looks more like a very basic photo editor
than anything else.

##  picwish

Visit: [picwish](https://picwish.com)

picwish is like cutout as it has a lot of AI features with API support
as well. Not sure how they compare in features but their website looks
more biz focused but cutout is more developer focused.

It is an interesting company to explore further.


##  photoroom

Visit: [photoroom](https://photoroom.com)

Photoroom has created a bunch of products with just background removal
as the main engine. It has a neat interface and does not talk much about
normal image processing.

## hotpot 

Visit: [hotpot](https://hotpot.ai)

Hotpot is a purely AI based image processing platform. We did not
include AI tools in this comparison list but this one looked too good.


##  iloveimg

Visit: [iloveimg](https://iloveimg.com)

This one looks very similar to img2go and has a somewhat boring
interface.

There is not a single AI tool mentioned. So that way they are very
similar to Photoveda.

## resizepixel 

Visit: [resizepixel](https://reiszepixel.com)

This one has a really neat interface with a single focus on doing the
most essential image processing tasks. It has image compression too. I
found a lot of free tools for image compression online. tinypng seems
the clear winner though.

## colourise 

Visit: [colourise](https://colourise.com)

This is a website purely focused on colorizing with AI. This uses
convolutional neural networks for doing its job.Just like we have a
handful of background removal tools and companies built on top of this ,
you can find this website focusing on colorizing.

I find the website very basic and too boring.

## photoscissors 

Visit: [photoscissors](https://photoscissors.com)

This is a website that focused on object removal using AI background
removal. We have already seen a few in that category.

## iresizer 

Visit: [iresizer](https://iresizer.com)

It belongs to the same ecosystem as photoscissors. It focuses on
changing aspect ratios which we support as well as background removal
which we don't.


## photostitcher 

Visit: [photostitcher](https://photostitcher.com)

Photostitcher is a very interesting application that can stitch together
photos.

If possible we can includ this feature in a future release. However we
now lack this ability.


